 Ingredients

      Chicken - 1 kg, bite sized pieces, washed
      Curd - 1/2 cup, thick yogurt
      Turmeric powder - 1/2 tsp
      Lemon juice - 1 tbsp
      Salt to taste
      Jaggery - 2 tsps (or sugar)
      Curry leaves - 1 sprig
      Ghee - 6 tbsps
      Dry red chilies - 7 to 8, large (spicy variety)
      Dry red chilies - 3 (small variety)
      Black peppercorns - 7-8
      Cloves - 3
      Fenugreek seeds - pinch
      Coriander seeds - 1 1/2 tbsps
      Cumin seeds - 1/2 tsp
      Garlic flakes - 7-8
      Tamarind paste - 1 1/2 tbsps

Method for making Chicken Ghee Roast

Marinate chicken in curd, turmeric powder, lemon juice and half a tsp of salt for a minimum of 2 to 3 hours 
or overnight in the refrigerator.
Dry roast the red chilies on low flame for 2 mts. Do not burn them. Remove from fire and keep aside. In the same pan,
 add a tsp of ghee and roast, fenugreek seeds, cumin seeds, coriander seeds, cloves and peppercorns on low flame for 3 minutes. Remove from fire and cool.
Grind the roasted red chilies and spices along with garlic and tamarind to a fine paste. Keep aside.
Heat 2 1/2 tbsps ghee in a heavy bottomed vessel, place the marinated pieces along with 
the marinade and cook for 20-22 mts or till its three foiurth cooked.
Remove the sauteed chicken pieces and keep aside. Remove the remaining liquid into another bowl.
In the same vessel, add the remaining ghee, and add the ground paste. Saute on low to medium flame for 8-9 mts to till the ghee separates.
Add the chicken pieces and mix well. Add the left over liquid (while cooking chicken) and jaggery and cook on medium flame for 4 mts. Add salt to taste and mix.
Reduce flame, place lid and cook till the chicken is cooked and you have a thick coating of the masala to the chicken pieces. This is not a curry, its a roast dish.
Remove lid, roast the chicken for 2-3 mts. Turn off flame, remove onto a serving bowl.
Garnish with curry leaves and serve with ghee rice, any flavored rice of your choice or white rice.

