     chicken
      coconut

 Ingredients

      Chicken - 1 kg (with bones)
      Onion - 1 medium sized, finely sliced
      Coconut milk - extract 2 cups thin milk and 1 cup thick milk * see note#1 for substitute
      Cinnamon stick 1"
      Cardamom - 1, slightly bruised
      Coves - 2
      Salt to taste
      For Masala
      Short red chillies 2, * see note#2
      Long red chillies - 2, * see note#2
      Coriander seeds - 1 1/2 tbsps
      Peppercorns - 1 tsp, * see note#2
      Fenugreek seeds / methi - 1/4 tsp
      Cumin seeds/jeera - 1 tsp
      Turmeric powder - 1/8th tsp
      Garlic - 8-9 flakes (Indian garlic) with skin
      Onion - 1 medium sized, sliced
      Tamarind - 1/2 lime sized ball
      Coconut - 1/2 (or 1 cup grated coconut)
      Ghee - 2 tbsp ghee (or oil)
      For Garnishing
      Onion - 1 medium sized, finely sliced
      Ghee - 1 tbsp

Method for making Kori Rotti Recipe

Cut the chicken into medium sized pieces, wash and allow to drain on a colander.
In a heavy bottomed pan/kadhai heat 2 tbsp ghee or oil and roast the red chillies, coriander seeds,
 peppercorns, fenugreek seeds & cumin seeds one by one. Each of them should be roasted on a slow flame for a 
few seconds until you get a nice aroma * see note # 3
Next fry the onion and garlic and remove and add the coconut, turmeric powder and tamarind to the same pan, roast and remove.
Grind all the roasted ingredients to a fine paste using a little water. Reserve the masala water.
In the same pan add the ground masala and the sliced onion. Mix and add the thin coconut milk.
 Leave the pan uncovered & bring the curry to a boil, add the chicken pieces and salt to taste.
 Cover the pan now and cook the chicken till tender on a medium flame. When the chicken is cooked, 
simmer and add the thick coconut milk and bring it to boil for just a couple of seconds. Turn off the flame.
In a smaller pan, heat the ghee for seasoning and toss in the cinnamon, cloves, cardamom pod and the sliced onion,
 fry till golden brown and add this to the curry. 
Cover the pan immediately to trap the aroma of the seasoning.
Serve hot with crispy rice Rotti - let the curry soak up the rotti a bit before you eat it. 
Alternatively, you can serve the curry with rice, pan polay (neer dosa), appams, sanna, mutlim (rice dumplings), polay (dosa) or chapathi.

